DOCS-805 - Automation Bridge version (#5257)
SumoLogic/sumologic-documentation: docs/platform-services/automation-service/automation-service-bridge.md

You can only run custom actions or integrations outside of the Sumo Logic cloud in an "on-premise" environment. For on-premise environments, you need to install a bridge as described below.

## Version

The current version of the Automation Bridge is 3.10.

> Version 2.1.1 and earlier is no longer supported.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Versions 2.1.1 and earlier are no longer supported.
```

> Version 2.1.1 and earlier is no longer supported.

Reviewer: Just a thought - maybe something like... 

_Versions 2.1.1 and earlier are no longer supported. Refer to the [release notes](/release-notes-csoar) for the most up-to-date version support._
 
or if you wanted to make this evergreen, you could say something like _Older versions may no longer be supported. Refer to the [release notes](/release-notes-csoar) for the most up-to-date version support._

Author: That's a great idea, @kimsauce. But the Cloud SOAR team has never advertised the Automation Bridge version in release notes. So sending readers there would be for naught. 

I'll just keep it as "Versions 2.1.1 and earlier are no longer supported."
